the feeling is a passion we are going to
lesson after 20 hours of travel
we arrived at san josé costa rica
willing to encourage with all
forces our selection
there along with many other Panamanians
We said present to our players and
technical staff
or when and how
road to the stadium did not stop us anything
the storm that was noticing anything we
stopped we went front cheering with was
to our boys
the Panamanian bar was noticed in the
national stadium of costa rica we encourage
opaque the rival public
after a vibrant first time in the
second part things did not come out like
we expected
two goals from the opponent put us the
road uphill despite the
effort of all the players that
they stepped on the pitch could not
reverse the marker
the defeat was 2 to 0
the faces and tempers at that moment
they went hand in hand with the result
but nobody told us that the road would be
easy it's our turn to get up
believe even more in this team because the
dream is possible
we have to tell them I'm with the team
because now is when we should most
back now is when there is more to
say tonic panama